Thank You, Medical Community - Google About Products Commitments Stories Thank You, Healthcare Workers Honoring all the healthcare heroes on the front line Watch the film 1:00 As the world faces a global pandemic, “how to help?? is being searched globally at an all-time high. Searches for “how to thank a healthcare provider?? have also surged, as nurses, doctors, EMTs, and other medical workers on the front line continue to battle the COVID-19 pandemic. This film recognizes the entire healthcare community, including all hospital workers and front desk staff, who are sacrificing so much to save so many. And it reminds us of one of the best ways to contribute to their efforts: Stay home, help save lives. Visit google.com/covid19 for more information and resources about COVID?19. COVID-19 Solidarity Response Fund Google.org is committing $50 million to the global COVID-19 response. Part of that $50 million pledge is $5M in matching donations to the UN Foundation’s COVID-19 Solidarity Response Fund for the World Health Organization. We’ll match $2 for every $1 you donate. Donate 100% of your donation goes to the UN Foundation for the WHO. Learn more about additional COVID-19 response efforts from Google. In this story: health , crisis response , Search , North America , Google.org Related Stories health How AI is helping doctors prevent blindness in diabetics crisis response How your smartphone could help save your life in an emergency crisis response How AI is helping provide advance warnings in emergency situations Search on How one woman saves lives with motorbikes, blood banks, and Google Maps health How AI is helping doctors prevent blindness in diabetics crisis response How your smartphone could help save your life in an emergency crisis response How AI is helping provide advance warnings in emergency situations Search on How one woman saves lives with motorbikes, blood banks, and Google Maps health How AI is helping doctors prevent blindness in diabetics crisis response How your smartphone could help save your life in an emergency crisis response How AI is helping provide advance warnings in emergency situations Search on How one woman saves lives with motorbikes, blood banks, and Google Maps Back to top Follow us on: More about us Contact us Investor relations Careers Locations Blog Think with Google Press room Press inquiries Images & B-roll Permissions Speaker requests Policy Application security Software principles Unwanted software policy Responsible supply chain Extended workforce Community guidelines How our business works Responsibility Google.org Sustainability Crisis Response Diversity & Inclusion Accessibility Transparency Digital Wellbeing Safety Center Google Safety Engineering Center Human Rights Help Privacy Terms