Heads up, discontinuing older version of YouTube on desktop soon - YouTube Community YouTube Help Account Search Maps YouTube Play News Gmail Contacts Drive Calendar Translate Photos Chrome Shopping Duo Finance Docs Sheets Slides Books Blogger Hangouts Keep Jamboard Collections Arts and Culture More from Google Sign in Search Clear search Close search Google apps Main menu Google Help Help Center Fix a problem Watch videos Manage your account & settings Join & manage YouTube Premium Create & grow your channel Monetize with the YouTube Partner Program Policy, safety, and copyright Community Get support YouTube Privacy Policy YouTube Terms of Service Submit feedback Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience Next Help CenterCommunity YouTube Get support For the latest updates on how we’re addressing the coronavirus (COVID-19) situation, please visit g.co/yt-covid19, or subscribe here. Back /youtube/community?hl=en This content is likely not relevant anymore. Try searching or browse recent questions. Google Employee Hazel (TeamYouTube) 2/4/20 Get Link Report Abuse Heads up, discontinuing older version of YouTube on desktop soon 0 Recommended Answers 568 Replies 25740 Upvotes 1 Recommended Answer $0 Recommended Answers Back in August 2017 we launched a new look for YouTube on desktop that introduced material design and new features like dark theme (check out the blog from 2017 here!). Note – up until now, people still had the option to opt-out of the new experience and continue using the older version of YouTube on desktop. Enter 2020 and the older versions are missing many of the new features and design improvements we’ve introduced over the past 3 years, including top requests based on your feedback (see most recent update here). That's why the older version will be going away in March and you'll only be able to access newer desktop versions to enjoy the best of YouTube. If you’re using an older version, you will see a notification telling you to ‘Switch to the new YouTube’. You may also need to update your browser if it’s not compatible with the new version (We’ll let you know in the notification message if this is the case!) Hope this heads up is helpful!  – Hazel (on behalf of TeamYouTube) Details Your YouTube account, Web Upvote (25740) Subscribe Unsubscribe Community content may not be verified or up-to-date. Learn more. Recommended Answer Recommended Answers (0) All Replies (568) T Tyran Amiros 2/4/20 Get Link Report Abuse Recommended Answer Thanks for the notice, but it would be really helpful if the post addressed how Google is responding to criticism of the earlier versions. I tried the "New YouTube" over the summer and found it to be unusable with a desktop monitor (27" widescreen) because I could only three video suggestions on the homepage at a time and made it basically impossible to watch without searching for specific videos or creators. While I think some of the changes are useful, I'm a bit reluctant to switch again because it literally broke the functionality last time I tried.  How is YouTube addressing concerns of desktop users particularly related to the scaling/functionality of the homepage? Thanks! Google user recommended this Google Employee Hazel (TeamYouTube) marked this as an answer Helpful? 0 0 N Nico Strykeman 2/4/20 Get Link Report Abuse Recommended Answer How unfortunate. Hm, I really hope you reconsider - the new design is... hmm.  It's not great. Please let us keep the far superior design :| Google user recommended this Google Employee Hazel (TeamYouTube) marked this as an answer Helpful? 0 0 S Some DumbAlt on YouTube 2/4/20 Get Link Report Abuse Recommended Answer I still absolutely despise the new desktop layout and wish you would still let users keep the old layout instead of completely getting rid of it. I believe your team could easily implement the new features on the older layout but just don't want to bother with it. Google user recommended this Google Employee Hazel (TeamYouTube) marked this as an answer Helpful? 0 0 M Margaret Gunning 2/4/20 Get Link Report Abuse Recommended Answer The notice just came up a minute ago that the version I am using is "going away". I am in an absolute panic about this! I had no idea there were "versions" of YouTube at all.   But now is everything going to be different, and in what way? Are there no tutorials on this, or are we simply going to be dumped in to see if we can swim? Will it be hard to use, as everyone here is saying? Will it affect my channel? Will I still be able to upload? Will my playlists be gone? I've been on YT since 2008 and have nearly 2000 videos, and that's a lot to lose.  I no sooner weathered the COPPA disaster than now I have to face this, and no one is explaining any of it to me. Lack of information causes more anxiety than anything else on earth. I am deathly afraid to "switch to new YouTube" as I guess I am supposed to, because I don't know what I will find myself in and whether I can even get back. I also fear, and this may be absolutely right, that from now on YouTube will only be available on your phone and not on desktops, which are now considered dinosaurs and almost obsolete.   How much different will it be, in what way, will I be able to navigate, will there be any direction or guidance or tutorials or ANYTHING to follow, or what? Somebody help me pleeeeeeeeease!!!!! Google user recommended this Google Employee Hazel (TeamYouTube) marked this as an answer Helpful? 0 0 F Frank Coufal 2/4/20 Get Link Report Abuse Recommended Answer I understand your intentions, but I'm unsure if I'm ready to switch since I'm not a fan of the new desktop layout. What happens if I don't switch to the new YouTube by March? Google user recommended this Google Employee Hazel (TeamYouTube) marked this as an answer Helpful? 0 0 I In_B 2/4/20 Get Link Report Abuse Recommended Answer Fuck off and stop messing with shit like this. let us use what we want Google user recommended this Google Employee Hazel (TeamYouTube) marked this as an answer Helpful? 0 0 M Margaret Gunning 2/4/20 Get Link Report Abuse Recommended Answer I just wonder why nothing is ever explained in advance. I don't know what I'll be getting myself into or whether I'll even be able to use it. It's true that after the COPPA debacle, a lot of us are already pretty traumatized. Now these "improvements" don't look like they are improvements at all, just a way of forcing change. Google user recommended this Google Employee Hazel (TeamYouTube) marked this as an answer Helpful? 0 0 R Rebecca Takanawa 2/4/20 Get Link Report Abuse Recommended Answer "Enter 2020 and the older versions are missing many of the new features and design improvements we’ve introduced over the past 3 years"  Then these 'improvements' really didn't improve much/anything at all since so many of us can still go by without them "You may also need to update your browser if it’s not compatible"  Is that one of the 'improvements' that were made, the website flat out not working? This is about that subpar, unwanted, unnecessary Youtube Red that most people pay for just to get rid of the 6+ ads you put on every video isn't it? Isn't it so much easier to shove down everyone's throat in the new design? I 100% positive that most people that are 'paying for youtube red' would spend twice the money on an adblocking app Remember when Youtube was good? Me neither. Google user recommended this Google Employee Hazel (TeamYouTube) marked this as an answer Helpful? 0 0 H Howard Kurtus 2/4/20 Get Link Report Abuse Recommended Answer This is bullshit Google user recommended this Google Employee Hazel (TeamYouTube) marked this as an answer Helpful? 0 0 558 more D Dennis Marshall 8473 2 hr Get Link Report Abuse Recommended Answer this sucks Google user recommended this Google Employee Hazel (TeamYouTube) marked this as an answer Helpful? 0 0 Reply This question is locked and replying has been disabled. Discard post? You will lose what you have written so far. false false Subscribe to updates Write a reply 10 characters required Failed to attach file, click here to try again. Edit link Text to display:Link to: CancelOK –Change|Remove Notifications are currently off and you won't receive updates. To turn them on, go to Notifications preferences on your Profile page. Post Please follow our content policy when creating your post. Discard post? You will lose what you have written so far. Keep editingDiscard Personal information found We found the following personal information in your message: This information will be visible to anyone who visits or subscribes to notifications for this post. Are you sure you want to continue? Cancel Yes, post anyway A problem occurred. Please try again. Create Reply Edit Reply Link to post Cancel Copy Done Delete post? Cancel Delete This will remove the reply from the Answers section. Cancel Remove Notifications are off Your notifications are currently off and you won't receive subscription updates. To turn them on, go to Notifications preferences on your Profile page. No thanks Go to profile Report abuse Google takes abuse of its services very seriously. We're committed to dealing with such abuse according to the laws in your country of residence. When you submit a report, we'll investigate it and take the appropriate action. We'll get back to you only if we require additional details or have more information to share. Go to the Legal Help page to request content changes for legal reasons. Cancel Submit report Reported post for abuse Unable to send report. Report post What type of post are you reporting? Off-topic Post is disrespectful, about third party products or contains unrelated content or personal information. Abuse Post contains harassment, hate speech, impersonation, nudity; malicious, illegal, sexually explicit or commercial content. Google takes abuse of its services very seriously. We're committed to dealing with such abuse according to the laws in your country of residence. When you submit a report, we'll investigate it and take the appropriate action. We'll get back to you only if we require additional details or have more information to share. Go to the Legal Help page to request content changes for legal reasons. Cancel Submit report Reported post for abuse Unable to send report. Google user This reply is no longer available. Badges Some community members might have badges that indicate their identity or level of participation in a community. Google Employee — Googler guides and community managers Community Specialist — Google partners who share their expertise Platinum Product Expert — Seasoned members who contribute beyond providing help through mentoring, creating content, and more Gold Product Expert — Trusted members who are knowledgeable and active contributors Silver Product Expert — New members who are developing their product knowledge Community content may not be verified or up-to-date. Done /youtube/threads //accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin You'll receive email notifications for new posts at Unable to delete question. Unable to update vote. Unable to update subscription. You have been unsubscribed Deleted Unable to delete reply. Removed from Answers Marked as Recommended Answer Removed recommendation Undo Unable to update reply. Unable to update vote. Thank you. Your response was recorded. Unable to undo vote. Thank you. This reply will now display in the answers section. Link copied Locked Unlocked Unable to lock Unable to unlock Pinned Unpinned Unable to pin Unable to unpin Marked Unmarked Unable to mark Reported as off topic /youtube/profile/0?hl=en false ©2020 Google Privacy Policy YouTube Terms of Service Community Policy Community Overview Enable Dark Mode Send feedback about our Help Center Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience Search Help Center //www.google.com/tools/feedback/metric/report 59