Google's Mission, Values & Commitments - Google About Products Commitments Stories Protecting users Expanding opportunity Including all voices Responding to crises Advancing sustainability Reports View all reports Committed to significantly improving the lives of as many people as possible. 2004 Founders’ IPO Letter Our latest {[feed.network === newsFeedCtrl.network.GOOGLE_PLUS ? '+' : '@']}{[::feed.account | stripSpaces]} {[feed.account]} {[feed.network === newsFeedCtrl.network.GOOGLE_PLUS ? '+' : '@']}{[::feed.account|stripSpaces]} {[::feed.published_at|date:'mediumDate']} Protecting users Keeping our users safe online with industry-defining tools, features, and principles. Tools, resources, and tips that help make a safer web for everyone. Learn more about Safety Center Control your data and make Google work better for you with our powerful privacy and security settings. Learn more about Google Account Understand your tech usage, disconnect when needed, and create healthy habits. Learn more about Digital Wellbeing Developing AI practices that are responsible and sharing knowledge, research, and other resources with the world. Learn more about Responsible AI Transparency Report Sharing data that sheds light on how the policies and actions of governments and corporations affect privacy, security, and access to information. Learn more Expanding opportunity $1 billion in grants. 1 million volunteer hours. Investing in communities, individuals, and local economies by preparing them for the opportunities of today — and tomorrow. Ensuring more people have access to the skills they need to succeed in a digital world. Learn more about Grow with Google Closing education equity gaps through technology, tools, and training. Learn more about Google for Education Contributing time, money, and volunteer hours to create a world that works for everyone. Learn more about Google.org Helping organizations publicize their mission, engage supporters, and fundraise online. Learn more about Google for Nonprofits U.S. Economic Impact Report Last year, Google’s search and advertising tools helped generate $283 billion of economic activity for more than 1.5 million businesses, website publishers, and nonprofits nationwide. Learn more Including all voices Building a world where progress, equitable outcomes, diversity, and inclusion can be realities both inside and outside our workplace. Committed to building a diverse workforce that’s more representative of all people who use our products. Learn more about Diversity Standing with organizations that use data science and innovative approaches in the fight against systemic discrimination. Learn more about Google.org’s inclusion work Technology must be accessible for everyone. We are making that a reality in everything that we build. Learn more about Accessibility Diversity Report: 2019 View our systemic approach to improving outcomes in workforce representation and creating inclusive cultures. Learn More Responding to crises Helping those affected by crises through our products, our people, and our partners. We partner with first responders on the front lines of global crises by providing grants, resources, and volunteers. Learn more about Google.org Crisis Response We provide critical information to users in moments of crisis through our products and technology. Learn more about Crisis Response products Advancing sustainability We’re raising the bar in making smart use of Earth’s resources, expecting the highest ethical standards throughout our supply chain, and creating products with people and the planet in mind. We develop new solutions for responsible use of energy and other natural resources and empower others to do the same. Learn more about Sustainability Simple tips and small decisions we can make for a cleaner, healthier future. See your impact and learn how you can do more. Learn more about Your Plan, Your Planet 2019 Environmental Report In 2018, Google matched 100% of the electricity consumption of our global operations with renewable energy for the second consecutive year. Learn more Responsible Supply Chain Report We work with more than 500 suppliers worldwide to ensure ethical and fair treatment for workers, safe and healthy workplaces, and a smaller environmental footprint. Learn more Back to top Follow us on: More about us Contact us Investor relations Careers Locations Blog Think with Google Press room Press inquiries Images & B-roll Permissions Speaker requests Policy Application security Software principles Unwanted software policy Responsible supply chain Extended workforce Community guidelines How our business works Responsibility Google.org Sustainability Crisis Response Diversity & Inclusion Accessibility Transparency Digital Wellbeing Safety Center Google Safety Engineering Center Human Rights Help Privacy Terms